#34521 API design: Dynamic SCEP URL for Okta certs (#38004)
fleetdm/fleet: docs/REST API/rest-api.md

| Name                              | Type    | Description   |
| ---------------------             | ------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| url | string | **Required**. The URL of the NDES SCEP endpoint. |
| admin_url | string  | **Required**. The URL of the NDES admin endpoint. For Okta CA, this is the challenge URL. |
| password  | string  | **Required**. The password for the NDES admin endpoint. |
| username  | string  | **Required**. The username for the NDES admin endpoint. |

> | okta_ca   | boolean | Optional flag that indicates this is an Okta CA. The Fleet UI uses this to display relevant instructions. |

Author: ```suggestion
| type   | string | The Fleet UI uses this to display relevant instructions.
Can be either `"microsoft"` or `"okta"`. Defaults to `"microsoft"`.  |
```
